tweak: add clarification for executionInfo fields (#9046)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/schema-discovery-environment-applied.mdx

The [Example queries](#example-queries) illustrate a few fields you can query with this `environment` object. Refer to [Fields](#fields) to view the entire schema, which provides all possible fields you can query.

:::info `executionInfo` fields track two different concepts

> Within `executionInfo`, `lastRun*` fields reflect the most recent run *attempt* (regardless of outcome), while `execute*`, `executionTime`, `runGeneratedAt`, and `lastSuccess*` fields reflect the most recent *successful* materialization. Refer to [Project state](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state#definition-logical-vs-applied-state-of-dbt-nodes) for the full breakdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within `executionInfo`, `lastRun*` fields reflect the most recent run _attempt_ (regardless of outcome), while `execute*`, `executionTime`, `runGeneratedAt`, and `lastSuccess*` fields reflect the most recent _successful_ materialization. Refer to [Project state](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/project-state#definition-logical-vs-applied-state-of-dbt-nodes) for more information.
```
